receive the blessings of the Three Jewels from the Sangha, we Buddhists are
requested to respectfully join hands and face the
Three Jewels. We
request the sound system to play the bell and chant the
Prajnaparamita Sutra. The entire congregation will together recite the
Buddha's name to respectfully invite our Venerable Master and all the esteemed monks and nuns: Namo Shakyamuni Buddha, Namo Shakyamuni Buddha, Namo Shakyamuni Buddha, Namo Shakyamuni Buddha, Namo Shakyamuni Buddha, Namo Shakyamuni Buddha, Namo Shakyamuni Buddha, Namo Shakyamuni Buddha, Namo Shakyamuni Buddha, Namo Shakyamuni Buddha, Namo Shakyamuni Buddha, Namo Shakyamuni Buddha, Namo Shakyamuni Buddha, Namo Shakyamuni Buddha, Namo Shakyamuni Buddha, Namo Shakyamuni Buddha, Namo Shakyamuni Buddha.
Namo Buddha Shakyamuni, Namo Buddha
Shakyamuni, Namo Buddha
Shakyamuni, Namo Buddha Shakyamuni, Namo Buddha Shakyamuni, Namo Buddha Shakyamuni, Namo Buddha Shakyamuni, Namo Buddha Shakyamuni, Namo Buddha
Shakyamuni, Namo Buddha Shakyamuni, Namo Buddha Shakyamuni, Namo Buddha Shakyamuni. At this moment,
we express our gratitude to our Master and all the Venerable Monks and Nuns who have graced the Great Hall with their presence. At
this moment, I respectfully invite the head of the
Golden Chrysanthemum Club, practicing the Six Harmonies, and
all the esteemed Buddhist followers to
kneel and clasp our hands towards our Master and all the Venerable Monks and
Nuns to offer our petition, requesting our
Master and all the Venerable Monks and Nuns to
witness our
club's program of concluding the practice and chanting of
sutras to resolve COVID-19.
As well as the opening ceremony for
Buddhist practitioners to practice during the 3-month summer retreat
of the monks,
Namo Buddha Shakyamuni, we respectfully
address our Venerable Master and all the Venerable Monks and Nuns, and the
Buddhist practitioners in the Golden Chrysanthemum Club
practicing the Six Harmonies. Today, we have the
opportunity to respectfully bow and make our offerings. Namo Buddha
Shakyamuni, we respectfully
address our Venerable Master and all the Venerable Monks and Nuns, and the
Buddhist practitioners in the Golden Chrysanthemum
Club practicing the Six Harmonies. We
have received the blessings of our Venerable Master and all the
Venerable Monks and Nuns. We have vowed to
practice according to the teachings of our Venerable Master
and all the Venerable Monks and Nuns to dedicate the
merits to resolving the COVID-19 pandemic and
drought. Now that the ceremony has been completed,
we have some pure money and pure goods that all of
us Buddhist practitioners would like to offer to the
Three Jewels.
During the pandemic, we Buddhist practitioners
also received guidance from our
Venerable Master and all the Venerable Monks and Nuns, and
we have practiced the Dharma to benefit
ourselves. We have participated in various activities
to bring love and compassion.  We extend our deepest gratitude to all of
you who have contributed to the
fight against the epidemic, sharing
love and helping those in need with financial and material donations.
We know that by doing these things,
we are
receiving the blessings and guidance of our
Venerable Master and all the Venerable Monks and Nuns. We
vow to dedicate all these
good deeds to repaying the Buddha's grace, our Venerable Master's grace, and the grace of all
the Venerable Monks and Nuns. We
also vow to dedicate these merits to the Supreme
Bodhisattva, and to
all sentient
beings who have a connection with the
COVID-19 epidemic, so that they may also take refuge
in the Three Jewels, practice, and seek
happiness. Today,
as in every year, we are able to rely on the blessings of our Venerable Master and all the Venerable
Monks and Nuns for
three months of practicing merit, chanting sutras,
repenting, and performing
charitable acts during the three-month rainy season retreat
of the Sangha. We also respectfully request our
Venerable Master and all the Venerable Monks and Nuns to
open a ceremony for us so that we may
practice and receive the Buddha's blessings.
We have inherited the blessings from our
master and the venerable monks and nuns, enabling
us to cultivate the
merits of a lay Buddhist, fulfilling our
duties as lay practitioners
to honor the Three Jewels. We use
this merit to pray for many lifetimes, that
through the blessings of the Three Jewels, we may develop
wisdom and blessings,
benefiting ourselves and all sentient beings. We respectfully request our master and the venerable monks and nuns to graciously grant
us this merit. Namo
Buddha Shakyamuni. Namo Buddha
Shakyamuni.
Today, April 14th (leap year of the Rat), the esteemed
Buddhists of the
Golden Chrysanthemum Club of Ba
Vang Pagoda are practicing the Six Harmonies, reciting scriptures, cultivating merit,
and offering alms to the Sangha,
especially at noon today,
to repay the Four Great Debts of Gratitude.
Today is also the day the congregation
presents to the monks
to conclude the chanting of scriptures, cultivation, and prayer to
resolve the great pandemic.  Regarding
COVID-19, we respectfully request the monks to witness
and perform the opening ceremony and chanting of scriptures during the three-
month retreat of the monks. Respectfully, to the entire
community, we are experiencing the
COVID-19 pandemic. The pandemic is still ongoing,
but Vietnam
is truly blessed; so far,
no one has died from
COVID-19. The practice program
of the entire community is very
diligent and thorough. I have followed the
media channels of the various Buddhist
centers and I see that they are practicing
very well. I believe that the combined
efforts of the entire community
contribute to
increasing the blessings of
our nation
and also assist all of humanity. I have
also heard that the
virus has been found and
successfully tested on humans. The pandemic
has passed its peak and is now
decreasing. Many countries have
overcome the spread of the disease. In
our country, it has been over
50 days without any outbreaks.  In the
community, this is very joyful news. We
believe that the power of our sincere hearts,
along with the power of the
Parita Sutra, truly has the ability to
protect us. As
Buddhist disciples, we firmly believe this.
So today, the congregation
concludes a long retreat of several
months of practice, chanting sutras and praying to
resolve
COVID-19, praying for protection for
ourselves and our families, praying
for our country, for the Vietnamese people,
and for the world. The
master believes that we have
fulfilled the aspirations of each individual, and
this is very commendable. Secondly, the
club also organized another week of chanting sutras
to repay the Four Great Debts: praying for the
country to always have a wise
ruler to lead the people well;
praying for the emergence of saints to save humanity; and praying for all the heroic spirits,
martyrs, soldiers,
and ancestors to receive more blessings and
be reborn into a better realm.
The
organization of the offering ceremony for the monks in
the forest probably includes another offering ceremony for the
nuns, right?
Today, the Buddhist club has
vowed to continue holding a ceremony to recite
scriptures during the three-month retreat of the monks.
Actually, the retreat isn't just for
monks; during the time of the Buddha, lay
Buddhists also organized retreats and
made vows to stay in the same place as the
monks. So, we Buddhists do the same.
We may not stay in the same place, but
during the three-month retreat of the monks,
we also dedicate time to practice to
increase our merit
and blessings. Today is the opening ceremony, and the master is happy to witness it.
Later, the monks will perform the opening ceremony together with the
Buddhists. The Golden Cup Club, practicing the
Six Harmonies at Ba Vang Pagoda, is a
large member of the Ba Vang Pagoda community,
which is very precious. The
master sees that the Buddhists in the club practice
very diligently, and the members live in harmony, are
responsible, and orderly; it could be the
most exemplary club.  The
whole community is very happy, and
perhaps this is a core member
to spread all the
good qualities of lay practitioners.
Regarding the event, we said we would organize the Buddha's Birthday celebration, and
now many
places have asked to learn from it. Recently,
in the South, some temples
organized for Buddhists to wear
Indian attire like ours.
That is very joyful. The heart of the monks
and Buddhists in our temple is to want
good and beautiful things to spread to the
community, not just to our temple.
Even in the act of sharing alms, the
master hopes that many Buddhists in
many places will know how to share alms, and they will feel
happy when sharing alms with the monks.
Today, during alms-gathering, the master saw
many Buddhists who were moved to
tears when they saw the monks going on alms-gathering rounds. They were
very happy, and that happiness
helped them
eliminate so much karma. That
moment of joy today will be a blessing for
them.  They can achieve enlightenment, it's not a
small matter. The Master is very pleased and
praises the work of the Golden
Chrysanthemum Club in practicing the Six Harmonies over the
past years. This is a large and
very diligent member of the entire community.
Today, the Master is pleased to
witness and acknowledge the merits that the
Buddhist followers have accomplished. We also
dedicate this merit to all the
Buddhist followers and their families. May the
good wishes of the Buddhist followers
be fulfilled soon. May the
entire community of our temple
always live in
peace and be protected by the Buddhas of the Ten Directions and the
Three Jewels. Namo, witnessing
Master Bodhisattva Mahasattva.
Namo, the original Buddha Shakyamuni.
We, the Buddhist followers, have inherited the
blessings of the Three Jewels and the blessings of our Master and the
Sangha. We respectfully bow and offer our respects
to our Master and the Sangha. We
pray that our Master may live a
long life and that the Sangha may soon attain
enlightenment to benefit us.  For
the benefit of humanity and all living beings, we
also promise that from our karmic connection
as lay Buddhists, we
will diligently practice the
Buddha's teachings, assisting the monks in their practice to
bring blessings to all beings.
We respectfully bow and offer our respects. Namo
Buddha Shakyamuni. (
X
thu x
thu
x
thu) We, the Buddhists, are entering the Sutra
Opening Ceremony. The monks remain for the opening ceremony
for the esteemed Buddhists. Namo
Buddha Shakyamuni. We, the
Buddhists, are deeply grateful for the
Master's grace in gracing the Great Hall of the Buddha to
witness
our ceremony and bestow upon us his
Dharma teachings. We promise to diligently
remember and practice the Master's instructions
to attain peace and happiness in
life, with the aspiration to cultivate Bodhicitta, protect the
Three Jewels, and spread the Dharma
throughout the world. Now, we respectfully invite the Venerable
Monks and the Sangha to return to the
guest hall. We request that the entire congregation rise in solemn reverence
to bid farewell to the
Master as he returns.  The guests are escorted
to the designated position. The sound system is requested to ring the bells and chant the Buddhist
mantras. The entire congregation
will together recite the Buddha's name: Namo Shakyamuni Buddha, Namo Shakyamuni Buddha, Namo Shakyamuni Buddha, Namo Shakyamuni Buddha, Namo Shakyamuni
Buddha, Namo Shakyamuni Buddha, Namo Shakyamuni
Buddha, Namo
Shakyamuni Buddha. At
this time, we, with sincere hearts, respectfully invite the Venerable Monks and Nuns to
gather to perform the ceremony for us to begin the
program of concluding the practice and offering prayers for the
resolution of the COVID-19 pandemic, as well as to
inaugurate the
three-month summer retreat program for Buddhist followers. Namo Shakyamuni Buddha. [
Laughter] [Music] [Speech] [Speech] [Further mic for the teacher] [Laughter] [
Music] [Speech] [Further prayer ...
Following our inherent nature of doing good, together with all sentient beings in the Dharma
realm, we pray for the Buddha's compassionate protection. May our Bodhi mind be firm and our aspiration to cultivate the path to enlightenment be unwavering. May we
quickly return to the shore of
enlightenment, overcoming the ocean of suffering and the source of delusion. Namo Incense Offering Bodhisattva, Namo Incense Offering Bodhisattva, Namo Incense Offering Bodhisattva Mahasattva, Namo
Buddha Shakyamuni, the Great Witness. We, relying on the majestic power of the Bodhi of the Buddhas of the Four Directions, respectfully
invite all Bodhisattvas and all holy beings, according to their vows, to descend to this Dharma
assembly to witness and
protect us. We also rely on the power
of the Buddha, inviting all beings who
have awakened the Bodhi mind, all celestial beings and deities, to
act as Dharma protectors, all noble deities
for our benefit. May we joyfully and diligently
protect and rely on the power of the Buddha. May we all
gather at this Dharma assembly today, at
our request,
and grant our protection. We,
your disciples, have awakened the Bodhi mind under the guidance of our master, Thich
Truc Thai Minh, and
are currently
practicing the Bodhi virtues at
Ba Vang Pagoda, cultivating, chanting scriptures, and performing various tasks, relying on the virtue of our master and the great Sangha.
May the merits of the Three Jewels protect and support the Sangha in their practice, seeking enlightenment and
benefiting all
beings, and may the true Dharma of the
Buddha be proclaimed. Now,
before the Three Jewels, following the teachings of our master, we offer this petition to the
Buddhas, asking them to witness the merits of our offerings and the practice of upholding the
Three Jewels, along with all the merits and good deeds
of the Buddhists in the Golden Chrysanthemum
Club practicing the Six Harmonies
during the
COVID-19 pandemic. We dedicate these merits to the evil spirits,
demons, and ghosts, the karmic
creditors, and the demons causing illness
related to COVID-19, affecting
the health and lifespan of the Buddhists and their
relatives in the Golden
Chrysanthemum Club practicing the Six Harmonies. The
Buddhists' wish is to offer these merits to the celestial beings,
gods, and demons related
to the
COVID-19 pandemic in Vietnam and
around the world. We, the
monks, now chant the sutras and perform the ritual, dedicating the
merits of the Buddhists in the
Golden Chrysanthemum Club practicing the Six Harmonies,
transforming the COVID-19 pandemic into the heartfelt wishes and profound gratitude
of the Buddhists.
We monks recited two sutras: the Sutra of the Seven
Laws that prevent the country from perishing
and the Sutra of the Three Jewels, praying for peace in the country, for
Vietnam to end the COVID-
19 pandemic, for the economy to develop, for the people and
Buddhists to find peace and happiness, for the flourishing of Buddhism
worldwide, and for the swift end of the
COVID-19 pandemic.
Today, the Buddhists together made
vows to practice, relying on the virtues of the Master and the
Sangha, practicing for three months during the summer retreat,
offering alms, and following the
guidance of the monks, we vowed to recite sutras and practice to repay the gratitude
to the nation and the Sangha, praying for the
Three Jewels to witness our merits of practice and
dedicate them to the Buddhists in the Golden Cup
Club practicing the Six Harmonies, who have made the
Bodhisattva vow and practiced the virtuous deeds of upholding the
Three Jewels, so that blessings may be generated,
evil karma eliminated, and body and mind at peace. May all
Buddhists, their families, and loved ones
rely on the true Dharma and practice together
until the day of Buddhahood, dedicating the merits to
all celestial beings and deities, protecting the
people and the country, and
all beings
in the spiritual realm, so that they may rely on the Buddha
Dharma.  Practicing to increase blessings and
increase Bodhi merit, I pray for the flourishing of the
Buddha Dharma. I beseech the Three Jewels to remain in
the world forever to bring happiness to
humans, gods, and all beings. I beseech the Four Heavenly Kings to
protect the people of
Vietnam and all beings who have awakened the Bodhi Mind, and all
celestial beings and gods to jointly protect the Dharma,
so that the Buddha's teachings may
flourish as King Tran Nhan Tong did, the
country flourishes, and the people are at peace. I pray
that all beings in the Dharma realm may attain Buddhahood.
Namo, Witnessing Master Bodhisattva, Namo, Witnessing Master Bodhisattva, Namo, Ever-
protecting Bodhisattva Maha Bodhisattva.
[Music] [
Laughter]
[Music]
Standing, Supreme Dharma King, oh, no one is equal
to the teacher, throughout heaven and earth, oh, kind Father, all four kinds of beings, oh, take refuge,
choose one
thought, oh, completely eradicate the three karmic obstacles, oh, praise and glorify, in countless eons, the Buddha, all beings, the nature is always empty and
silent, the path of understanding, oh, nothing, cannot be thought of, the
original tongue, the Emperor, the Dharma field, oh, 10
directions, A Buddha, A Jewel, Bright Light, oh people,
before the throne, my body, the light appears, oh, bowing my head, I humbly make this
vow, the precious robe, the
heart
strikes.  The ceremony of Namo to the emptiness of space, knowing the
Dharma, the past, present, and future, the Ten
Directions, the Venerable Buddhas, the Dharma manifested, the Holy Sangha, the Supreme One, the Three Jewels, with a respectful heart, I bow in reverence. Namo to the Buddha Shakyamuni, the Buddha who will be
born in the future, Amitabha
Buddha, the Great Sage, the Bodhisattva, the
Great Practice, the Bodhisattva who will manifest, the
Dharma protectors, the Venerable Ones, the Bodhisattva of the Vulture Peak, the
Supreme One, the Buddha and Bodhisattva
[music], with a respectful heart, I bow in
reverence. Namo to the Western Pure Land, the supreme Lord of the Pure Land, the world, the Great Compassionate One, the Great Merciful One, Amitabha Buddha, the Great Compassionate One, Avalokiteshvara Bodhisattva, the Great Power, the Bodhisattva, the Great Vow, Ksitigarbha Bodhisattva, the Pure Land Bodhisattva, the
Great Assembly of Bodhisattvas
[music], the
Dharma, the profound and wondrous One, nothing at all. It is
difficult to meet, even after thousands of eons,
now I hear. Yes, I
uphold the vow, the true meaning, the Virtuous One, the World Honored One. Namo to the
opening of the Dharma Treasury, the Bodhisattva. Namo to the opening of the Dharma Treasury, the
Bodhisattva.  Namo, the Bodhisattva who
opens the Dharma Treasury, may the monks and all Buddhist followers be seated.
[Music]
Please open the daily sutra,
page
332. Page 332
[Music]
[Laughter]
The Buddha taught seven ways to prevent the destruction of the land. In ancient times, the
Buddha was at Mount
Ling Shao, in the city of Rajagriha, with
1250 monks. At that time, there was a king of the Magadha kingdom
named Ajatashatru, who ruled over 500 small kingdoms. The
neighboring kingdom was called Vimalakirti, and the king was determined to
conquer it. The king summoned his ministers and
asked for their opinion. The king said, "The rich and prosperous kingdom of Vimalakirti, which produces
many precious treasures, is not submissive.
Following the advice of the ministers, we should send troops to
attack the kingdom of Vimalakirti." A Prime Minister named Vu Xa replied, "We should attack." The king said, "Vu Xa, the
Buddha is not far away. He is a saint who
has attained the Threefold Knowledge and knows all the
ministers. Come to the Buddha and follow
my advice." He asked, "If we send troops to
attack the other kingdom, can we win?" The Prime
Minister immediately gave his
horse.  Upon arriving at the temple, he
bowed before the Buddha and
paid his respects. The
Buddha asked him where he had come from. He replied that the king had sent his son to pay his respects and inquire about the
Buddha's health, as always. The Buddha
asked if he and the people were all safe and sound. He
replied that the king and the people were
safe and sound thanks to the Buddha's grace. Taking this opportunity, he also
asked the king and the Queen Mother if they had any serious conflict and were
planning to send troops to punish them. He wondered if,
according to the Buddha's teachings, they could win. The
Buddha replied, "This is a serious matter. The
people of Vietnam are practicing the Dharma, so they
cannot win. I hope the king will consider
carefully and not stir up trouble." The Prime Minister then asked, "
What are the seven principles?" The Buddha replied, "The seven principles are: 1. The
people of that country often gather to discuss the righteous
Dharma and cultivate self-cultivation. 2. The
people of that country are of one mind and heart. 3. The servants and
citizens are loyal and honest,
and the king listens to their words. 4. The people of that country do not report crimes and uphold the righteous
Dharma. 5. They
do not pick up fallen hoes and dare not commit
crimes. 6. Everyone follows the law. 7.
The people of that country uphold the etiquette and morality of the scriptures, and
men and women are separated."  The distinction between great and small matters is
not overlooked. The five principles of filial piety are observed by the people of
that country. Filial piety towards parents, respect for teachers, obedience to their
teachings and guidance, and the nation's people are like
Buddhist monks. The people of
that country know the principles of
filial piety, respect for the seasons and land, and value rice and grain throughout the four seasons. The people are diligent, relying on crops and not neglecting anything. The seven principles of that country are respected and revered. Within the country, there are monks,
saints, and
Arhats who come from afar, all offering various things like robes, blankets, and medicine.
Whoever becomes king and practices these seven
principles will not be in danger, even if the
entire world's army comes to attack, they will not be defeated. This is true,
but the
people of the country, if they only practice one principle,
cannot be defeated, let alone if they
practice all seven principles. Then the
Buddha said, "People
should not rely on others."  Although Thang suffered, he
had to seek the Dharma from Thang. Thang, having
heard the Buddha's verses, immediately saw the path to enlightenment.
At that time, everyone in the assembly
attained enlightenment and completed their practice. The Prime Minister then rose from his
seat, bowed to the Buddha, and left. He
brought all of Vietnam back to the king. The king abandoned his
intention to attack Vietnam and strictly followed the
Buddha's teachings, using the Dharma to transform the people.
After that, Vietnam became a country of harmony,
respecting each other from top to bottom, and the nation flourished.
We invite the great assembly to open page
372 and recite the Three Jewels Sutra. Let me repeat page
372 of the Three
Jewels Sutra: We invite the celestial beings residing
in the desire realm and the form realm; the
celestial beings residing on the mountain peaks, in the
void; residing on the land
or in the continents; residing in the trees,
forests, and fields; the kings of the mountains, the kangaroos,
and the kings of the rivers,
shores, and uneven places
nearby. Please listen and gather here. These words are the
sublime and noble teachings of the Venerable Master.
We, the Tungs, ask the wise and virtuous to
listen to these words. We ask the wise and virtuous to
listen to these words.
Listen, O wise ones, to these words.
All celestial beings who sleep on Earth,
or those who are not enlightened, have gathered here,
giving rise to joyful hearts, and
sincerely listening to these teachings. All
celestial beings, be compassionate,
open your hearts, and diligently
protect men and women day and night, constantly bestowing blessings upon them.
Whatever evil deeds are done in this life or the
next, precious jewels and pearls are found throughout the
heavens, but nothing is born from them. The
Buddha, the Tathagata,
is the true treasure, the wondrous jewel. May, with this carefulness, they
live in true happiness, eliminating desires and
afflictions. The Dharma is wondrous and immortal. The Buddha Shakyamuni attained tranquility and non-action in
meditation, realizing the Dharma, and no Dharma is born from it. The
true Dharma is the wondrous
jewel. May, with this divine master, they
live in true happiness, the supremely enlightened one, the ever-present one. The Dharma is
pure and unbroken,
no meditation is
born from it. The true Dharma is the wondrous jewel. May, with this divine master, they live in true happiness, the one who is the supremely enlightened one, the ever-present one, the one who is ...  The
immeasurable results of the Sangha
are such a precious treasure. May we, with
this truth, live truly happy lives.
Those with steadfast minds, free from desires, skillfully practice true meditation and the Buddha's teachings. The Buddha's teachings, the path of enlightenment, the path of liberation, and the
easy attainment of enlightenment are all achieved. The Sangha's karmic rewards are
such profound treasures.
May we, with this truth, live truly
happy lives, like a master skillfully relying on an earthen furnace,
protected by the four directions. How can we take it away?
We say that a true person, enlightened by the Four Noble
Truths, is free and independent, not bound by the eight
worldly dharmas. The Sangha's treasure
is such a precious treasure. May we, with
this truth, live truly happy lives. The saints, the
Stream-Enterers, clearly see the Four Noble Truths and stand firm. The
Dharma-Turning King, with profound wisdom,
skillfully pulls them back, even
if they are restless, they cannot be reborn
many times, living for more than seven eons. The Sangha's treasure
is such a precious treasure. May we,
with this truth, live truly happy lives,
thanks to firm right view, firm right understanding, and the
three bonds of self-
view and doubt, and the prohibitions,
escaping the four lower realms.  Creating deep karma, the
true Sangha, thus is a
precious treasure, a wondrous wish. With this truth, may one live in
true happiness. The Pure Land has completed its work, even if
unintentionally transgressing through self-interest or personal gain,
never clinging to it. Because
this virtue is called seeing the true Sangha,
thus is a precious treasure, a wondrous wish. With
this truth, may one live in true happiness. Like a
tree in the forest, it is the same.
Standing with the World Honored One, proclaiming the transcendent Dharma, the Dharma
leading to Nirvana, the ultimate, impermanent, and unattainable. May the
Buddha, thus is a
precious treasure, a wondrous wish. With this truth, may one
live in true happiness. The Buddha, the formless one, the
enlightened One, the Supreme Dharma, bestows the
Supreme Dharma, transforming the Dharma, the
impermanent Dharma. The Buddha, thus is a
precious treasure, a wondrous wish. With this truth, may one live in true
happiness. Karma has ended,
new karma is not created, no more suffering or fear, no more rebirth, no more self-desire,
no more searching for the path. Like a flame reaching the peak, the mind is preoccupied, the mind is preoccupied, the Sangha, thus is a precious treasure, a wondrous wish. May one live in true happiness. All beings, celestial and human, who sleep on Earth or are not fish, have gathered
here, and we all share the same aspiration.  Homage to the
Buddha, who has manifested in his true form, and to the gods and
humans who regularly offer reverence and respect,
hoping to live in true happiness with this auspicious act.
All beings, whether
sleeping on Earth or in the void, who have
gathered here, may be moved with joy and reverence. The Sutras, Rituals, and
Dharma have truly manifested. Homage to
the gods and humans who regularly offer
reverence and respect, hoping to
live in true happiness with this auspicious act. Homage to the
Buddha, who has slept on Earth or in the
void, who have gathered here, may be
moved with joy and reverence. The Sutras, Rituals, and
Dharma have manifested in his true form, and to the gods and
humans who regularly offer reverence and respect, hoping to
live in true happiness with this auspicious act.
Namo Buddha Shakyamuni,
Namo Buddha Shakyamuni, Namo
Buddha Shakyamuni, so that
we may follow and practice the ten great vows
of Bodhisattva Samantabhadra:
1. To revere the Buddhas; 2. To be worthy of the Tathagata; 3. To cultivate and offer; 4. To repent of karmic debts; 5. To follow meritorious
deeds; 6. To flourish in the Buddha's transmission of the Dharma; 7. To flourish in the
Buddha's presiding over the world; 8.  We, the
Buddhist practitioners, are diligent and pure in our practice. We respectfully
invite all monks and the congregation to kneel and offer
prayers. Namo Buddha Shakyamuni.
Respectfully addressing the Buddhas, Bodhisattvas, and all the holy and virtuous disciples of the ten directions,
we, the monks, now rely on the
virtue of our master and respectfully offer our merits,
inviting the monks to direct their
hearts to bestow blessings
upon all Buddhist followers. Namo Buddha
Shakyamuni.
Respectfully addressing the Buddhas, Bodhisattvas, and holy and virtuous disciples,
with the desire to repay the debt of gratitude to the nation and
society in the Four Great Debts taught by the Buddha,
under the guidance of our master, the Buddhist followers of the Golden
Chrysanthemum Club, practicing the Six Harmonies,
have vowed to practice and request to offer
alms to the monks of Ba
Vang Pagoda, dedicating the blessings to the
country for peace, the people's well-being, and the
emergence of a wise ruler to lead the nation to
prosperity and strength. Relying on the virtue of our master,
we, the Buddhist followers, respectfully offer our
merits of this practice to Supreme Enlightenment. We
pray for this present moment.  In this life
and all future lives, may we meet
enlightened masters, virtuous teachers, and virtuous practitioners who cultivate Bodhi-mind, practice meritorious
deeds, protect the Three Jewels, and spread the
Buddha's teachings throughout the world. Benefiting ourselves and others, we dedicate our merits to Supreme Enlightenment. In
this life and all future lives, we rely on the Three Jewels to
establish the Dharma, practice the Six
Harmonious Principles for liberation, and pray for the joyful
practice of benefiting both humans and celestial beings. We
also pray for the early
emergence of enlightened beings to guide sentient beings into the stream of
liberation. We pray for the harmonious coexistence of the four elements, the
long life of our spiritual teacher, the
proclamation of the Buddha's true Dharma, and the benefit of all sentient beings. We
pray for all celestial beings and deities,
along with our parents in this life
and in previous lives, our relatives,
and the spirits of our ancestors, our karmic enemies, and
all the families of Buddhist followers, to rely on the
Three Jewels to attain enlightenment in the Buddha's
Dharma. May we form karmic connections with Dharma practitioners, supporting each other in cultivating the Bodhi path. We also
pray for the peace, health, prosperity, and success of our families, the
elimination of calamities, and the smooth progress of our work in
following the Buddha's teachings. We also pray for the blessings of the
Three Jewels upon all Buddhist followers and their families.  The country
regains sovereignty in the place where its borders were
violated; world peace is achieved through
negotiation; Buddhism flourishes
worldwide; Vietnam enjoys the blessings of the Three Jewels,
like King Tran Nhan Tong; the country
prospers, the people live in peace and happiness. Now,
before the Three Jewels, we offer our prayers, asking the
Buddhas to witness the merits of our offerings and support of the
Three Jewels, along with all the merits and good deeds
that the Buddhists in the
Golden Chrysanthemum Club practicing the Six Harmonies have created and
vowed to practice during the COVID-19 pandemic. We dedicate these merits to the
demons,
evil spirits,
vengeful spirits, and those afflicted
by the
COVID-19 pandemic, and to the health and lifespan
of the
Buddhists and their families. The Buddhists
in the Golden Chrysanthemum Club
practicing the Six Harmonies hope to
offer these merits to the celestial beings, gods, and
demons related to the
COVID-19 pandemic in Vietnam and
around the world, praying for
peace in Vietnam and for the end of the
COVID-19 pandemic.  With economic development, the
Buddhist people enjoy peace and happiness, and the Buddha's teachings flourish
throughout the world. May
this COVID-19 pandemic soon end. We respectfully request the
Triple Gem to bear witness to our merits in practice and
dedicate the merits to the Buddhists in the Golden Chrysanthemum
Club who have made the Bodhisattva
vow and practiced the virtuous deeds of upholding the
Triple Gem. May blessings be generated,
evil karma be eradicated, and the minds and bodies of
Buddhists and their families and loved ones be at peace. May the Buddhists and their families and loved ones
rely on the true Dharma and practice together
until the day of Buddhahood. We dedicate the merits to
all celestial beings and deities, protecting the
people and the country, and
all
beings in the spiritual realm, so that they may rely on the
Buddha's teachings and practice, increasing their
blessings, merits, and Bodhisattva virtues. May the
Buddha's teachings flourish, and the Triple Gem
forever remain in the world to bring
happiness to all beings and all creatures. We respectfully request the Four
Heavenly Kings to protect the
people and the country, and all beings who have made the
Bodhisattva vow to protect the Dharma, so that the
Buddha's teachings may flourish everywhere. May blessings be bestowed upon all
beings, and may the
Buddha's teachings flourish, eradicating the three evil paths. Namo
Buddha  The Venerable Master Shakyamuni Buddha offers his merits
in cultivation, and we humbly request that all
sentient beings throughout the Dharma realm attain the state of non-birth. We vow to eliminate the three obstacles and
cleanse all afflictions, and to attain truly
bright wisdom. We vow to burn away all karmic obstacles and practice the
Bodhisattva path for all eternity, and to
dedicate the merits of this cultivation to all beings in the
ten directions, so that all of
us and all
beings may reach the supreme state of self-reflection and take refuge in the
Buddha. We vow that all
beings may attain the
great path, develop the mind of impermanence, and take
refuge
in the Dharma. We vow that all beings may deeply penetrate the scriptures, attain wisdom as vast as the ocean, and take refuge in the Sangha. We vow that all beings may manage the great multitude without any teacher or teacher. Namo Buddha Shakyamuni. Respectfully addressing the Venerable Monks and Nuns, and
all the congregation, at this time, the
program concludes with the chanting of sutras, the
dedication of merits for resolving the COVID-19 pandemic, and the opening of the
three-month summer retreat
of the monks of the National Golden Club
practicing the Six Harmonies. We have come here to complete this.
We respectfully express our gratitude for the merits of the
Venerable Monks and Nuns.  At this time,
we
respectfully request all Venerable Monks and Nuns to return to the monastic quarters. We propose that the entire
congregation join hands, facing the Three Jewels, and
recite the sacred name of the Buddha, accompanied by the ringing of the bell. Namo
Shakyamuni Buddha, ...